So we are making a game revolving around "bubbles". We are making a simple economy simmulator using bubbles. So Idea is like this:

THERE will be a news flashing in the start of game, and every word in that news will belong to a category.Then smaller bubbles with keyword inside them will start floating from the bottom of screen to upwards. There will be a main center bubble simulating economy. Now there will be a blower blowing air on all 4 sides. Now the user has to use this blower to navigate some bubbles into the economy bubble, and blow away some bubbles away from it. Now here is how the game works. Certain keywords will make the bubble grow aggressively but that poses a risk of bubble bursting quickly. There will be certain bubbles that will grow the bubble at a slower pace but that will be much more prone to bursting. Also You can add more engaging stuffs. Keep in mind that two bubbles shouln't collide but they can merge with the economy bubble to make it grow or shrink. Also there should be certain keywords like let's say "scam" or "fake" WHICH WILL burst the bubble quickly and game over! You can make the game more engaging too but these are the essntial which are news flashing, smaller keyword bubbles and economy bubble. Help me make it. Also we are using game state management. HERE IS THE DIRECTORY STRUCTURE AND CODES, please try to build like this or build upon this. / So above was the game idea, Now here is what we are planning to do now, i.e our main game logic: THe keywords will belong to these 4 main category, Positive(which is low risk low reward), negative(which is high loss), risky)which is high risk high reward) and then there will be stable(which will make the bubble stable if bubble is too unstable). Most of the bubbles should belong to positive which is low risk low reward which will grow the economicBubble by a very small margin, Risky will grow the bubble agressively but will also increase the ubstabiity meter which will be displayed upon the EconomicBubble itself. if the ubstability meter reaches full the bubble burst. Then there will be negative which will shrink the buble by almost 50% or something, Then there will be a stable category keyword which will be very rare but it will decrease the ubstability score. THE SCORE AND UNSTABILITY SHOULD BE DISPLAYED IN THE eCONOMIC BUBBLE ITSELF. WE HAVE DONE SOME PART, help me complete the whole project, here is the whole project code: